updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16108)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/batching-operations-wcf-data-services.md

ms.assetid: 962a49d1-cc11-4b96-bc7d-071dd6607d6c
---
# Batching Operations (WCF Data Services)

> The Open Data Protocol (OData) supports batch processing of requests to an OData-based service. For more information, see [OData: Batch Processing](https://www.odata.org/developers/protocols/batch/). In WCF Data Services, each operation that uses the <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceContext>, such as executing a query or saving changes, results in a separate request being sent to the data service. In order to maintain a logical scope for sets of operations, you can explicitly define operational batches. This ensures that all operations in the batch are sent to the data service in a single HTTP request, enables the server to process the operations atomically, and reduces the number of round trips to the data service.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open Data Protocol (OData) supports batch processing of requests to an OData-based service. For more information, see [OData: Batch Processing](https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/batch-processing/). In WCF Data Services, each operation that uses the <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceContext>, such as executing a query or saving changes, results in a separate request being sent to the data service. In order to maintain a logical scope for sets of operations, you can explicitly define operational batches. This ensures that all operations in the batch are sent to the data service in a single HTTP request, enables the server to process the operations atomically, and reduces the number of round trips to the data service.  
```
